Pretty formatted Integration (including example) (#1382)
RobinTail/express-zod-api: README.md

## Generating a Frontend Client

> You can generate a Typescript file containing types and its client.

Author: ```suggestion
You can generate a Typescript file containing the IO types of your API and a client for it.
```
